xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_scientist_choose_subclass_box_bg_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_scientist_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { always = yes }
}
#subclass_scientist_explorer
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_scientist_explorer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_scientist_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_scientist_analyst
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_scientist_analyst_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_scientist_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_scientist_none
xvcv_mdlc_leader_governor_xvcv_mdlc_subclass_scientist_none_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_scientist_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = xvcv_mdlc_subclass_scientist_none }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory #not exactly a veteran trait, but making it costs only 1 trait point will make it too powerful
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup #same as the above
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_resilient_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_resilient_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adaptable_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_adaptable_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_capitalist_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_private_mines_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_gifted_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_scrapper_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_venerated_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_carefree_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_carefree_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_carefree_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_carefree_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_roamer_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_roamer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_roamer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_roamer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_archaeologist_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_archaeologist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_archaeologist_2 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_ancrel BOOLEAN = yes }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_archaeologist_2 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_ancrel BOOLEAN = yes }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_meticulous_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_meticulous_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_meticulous_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_meticulous_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_slippery_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_slippery_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_slippery_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_slippery_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_prospector_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_prospector_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_prospector_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_prospector_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_observant_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_observant_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_observant_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_observant_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_collective_wisdom_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collective_wisdom_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collective_wisdom_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_tuner_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_tuner_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_tuner_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_tuner_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_insightful_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_insightful_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_insightful_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_insightful_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_collaborator_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_collaborator_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collaborator_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collaborator_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_experimenter_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_experimenter_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_experimenter_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_experimenter_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_civil_engineer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_civil_engineer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_civil_engineer_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_civil_engineer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_manufacturer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_manufacturer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_salvager_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_salvager_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_salvager_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_salvager_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_space_miner_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_space_miner_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_surveyor #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_surveyor_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_midas_touch #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_midas_touch_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_midas_touch }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_midas_touch }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_repair_crew #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_repair_crew_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_repair_crew }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_repair_crew }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_great_researcher #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_great_researcher_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_great_researcher }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_analyst }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_great_researcher }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_deep_space_explorer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_deep_space_explorer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_deep_space_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_deep_space_explorer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#also see: 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_start_button_effect', 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_clear_values_effect'