xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_admiral_choose_subclass_box_bg_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_admiral_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { always = yes }
}
#subclass_admiral_aggressor
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_admiral_aggressor_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_admiral_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_admiral_tactician
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_admiral_tactician_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_admiral_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_admiral_none
xvcv_mdlc_leader_governor_xvcv_mdlc_subclass_admiral_none_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_admiral_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = xvcv_mdlc_subclass_admiral_none }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory #not exactly a veteran trait, but making it costs only 1 trait point will make it too powerful
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup #same as the above
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_resilient_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_resilient_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adaptable_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_adaptable_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_capitalist_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_private_mines_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_gifted_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_scrapper_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_venerated_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_aggressive_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_aggressive_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_aggressive_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_aggressive_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_cautious_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_cautious_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_cautious_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_cautious_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_unyielding_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_unyielding_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_unyielding_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_unyielding_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_engineer_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_engineer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_engineer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_engineer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_trickster_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_trickster_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_trickster_2 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_trickster_2 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_wrecker_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_wrecker_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_wrecker_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_wrecker_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_annihilator_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_annihilator_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_annihilator_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_annihilator_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_artillerist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_artillerist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_artillerist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_artillerist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_commanding_presence_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_commanding_presence_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_commanding_presence_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_commanding_presence_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_fleet_logistician #same x position as 'leader_trait_corsair_3'
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_fleet_logistician_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { has_paragon_dlc = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_fleet_logistician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_fleet_logistician }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_corsair_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_corsair_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { has_paragon_dlc = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_corsair_3 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_corsair_3 SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_demolisher_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_demolisher_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_demolisher_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_demolisher_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_shipbreaker_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_shipbreaker_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_shipbreaker_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_shipbreaker_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_artillery_specialization_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_artillery_specialization_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_artillery_specialization_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_artillery_specialization_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_carrier_specialization_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_carrier_specialization_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_carrier_specialization_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_carrier_specialization_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_gunship_specialization_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_gunship_specialization_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_gunship_specialization_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_gunship_specialization_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_juryrigger_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_juryrigger_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_juryrigger_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_juryrigger_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_scout_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_scout_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scout_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scout_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_watchdog_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_watchdog_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_watchdog_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_watchdog_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_scholar_of_war_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_scholar_of_war_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scholar_of_war_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_scholar_of_war_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_master_gunner #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_master_gunner_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_master_gunner }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_aggressor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_master_gunner }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_supreme_admiral #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_supreme_admiral_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_supreme_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_supreme_admiral }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_destiny_engineer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_destiny_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_destiny_engineer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_destiny_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_guerilla_tactics #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_admiral_leader_trait_guerilla_tactics_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_guerilla_tactics SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = admiral ID = subclass_admiral_tactician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_admiral_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_alt_effect = { CLASS = admiral ID = leader_trait_guerilla_tactics SCRIPTED_TRIGGER = has_first_contact_dlc BOOLEAN = yes }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#also see: 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_start_button_effect', 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_clear_values_effect'