xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_governor_choose_subclass_box_bg_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_governor_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { always = yes }
}
#subclass_governor_pioneer
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_governor_pioneer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_governor_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_governor_economist
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_subclass_governor_economist_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_governor_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#subclass_governor_none
xvcv_mdlc_leader_governor_xvcv_mdlc_subclass_governor_none_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_governor_subclass_traits = no }
    allow = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = xvcv_mdlc_subclass_governor_none }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory #not exactly a veteran trait, but making it costs only 1 trait point will make it too powerful
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_shared_memory }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup #same as the above
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = xvcv_mdlc_leader_trait_memory_backup }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_resilient_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_resilient_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_adaptable_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_adaptable_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_capitalist_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_private_mines_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_gifted_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
        has_paragon_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_scrapper_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_venerated_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_bureaucrat_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_bureaucrat_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_righteous_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_righteous_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_enlister_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_enlister_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_enlister_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_enlister_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_shipwright_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_shipwright_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_shipwright_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_shipwright_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_architectural_interest_2
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_architectural_interest_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_generator_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_generator_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_generator_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_generator_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_mining_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_mining_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_mining_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_mining_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_farming_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_farming_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_farming_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_farming_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_settler_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_settler_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_settler_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_settler_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_cartographer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_cartographer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_expeditionist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_expeditionist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_geologist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_geologist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_geologist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_geologist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_naturalist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_naturalist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_pioneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_forge_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_forge_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_forge_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_forge_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_refinement_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_urbanist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_urbanist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_urbanist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_urbanist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_assembler_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_assembler_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_pop_focused_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_pop_focused_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_pop_focused_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_pop_focused_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_intellectual #same x position as 'leader_trait_academic_3'
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_intellectual_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { has_paragon_dlc = no }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_intellectual }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_intellectual }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_academic_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_academic_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { has_paragon_dlc = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_academic_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_academic_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_distribution_lines_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = subclass_governor_economist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}
#leader_trait_automation_champion #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_governor_leader_trait_automation_champion_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_automation_champion }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
		has_paragon_dlc = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_governor_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = governor ID = leader_trait_automation_champion }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
#also see: 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_start_button_effect', 'xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_clear_values_effect'