namespace = relic_wars

## Took the dragon_trophy in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.10
    title = relic_wars.10.name
    desc = relic_wars.10.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_ether_drake_trophy

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.10.a
    }
}

## Lost the dragon_trophy in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.11
    title = relic_wars.11.name
    desc = relic_wars.11.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.11.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the khans_throne in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.20
    title = relic_wars.20.name
    desc = relic_wars.20.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_khans_throne

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.20.a
    }
}

## Lost the khans_throne in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.21
    title = relic_wars.21.name
    desc = relic_wars.21.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.21.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the worm_scales in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.30
    title = relic_wars.30.name
    desc = relic_wars.30.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_scales_of_the_worm

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.30.a
    }
}

## Lost the worm_scales in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.31
    title = relic_wars.31.name
    desc = relic_wars.31.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.31.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the rubricator in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.40
    title = relic_wars.40.name
    desc = relic_wars.40.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_the_rubricator

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.40.a
    }
}

## Lost the rubricator in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.41
    title = relic_wars.41.name
    desc = relic_wars.41.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.41.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the galaxy in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.50
    title = relic_wars.50.name
    desc = relic_wars.50.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_miniature_galaxy

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.50.a
    }
}

## Lost the galaxy in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.51
    title = relic_wars.51.name
    desc = relic_wars.51.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.51.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the omnicodex in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.60
    title = relic_wars.60.name
    desc = relic_wars.60.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_the_omnicodex

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.60.a
    }
}

## Lost the omnicodex in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.61
    title = relic_wars.61.name
    desc = relic_wars.61.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.61.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the surveyor in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.70
    title = relic_wars.70.name
    desc = relic_wars.70.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_the_surveyor

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.70.a
    }
}

## Lost the surveyor in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.71
    title = relic_wars.71.name
    desc = relic_wars.71.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.71.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the ancient_sword in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.90
    title = relic_wars.90.name
    desc = relic_wars.90.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_blade_of_the_huntress

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.90.a
    }
}

## Lost the ancient_sword in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.91
    title = relic_wars.91.name
    desc = relic_wars.91.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.91.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the severed_head in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.100
    title = relic_wars.100.name
    desc = relic_wars.100.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_head_of_zarqlan

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.100.a
    }
}

## Lost the severed_head in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.101
    title = relic_wars.101.name
    desc = relic_wars.101.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.101.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the prethoryn_queen in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.110
    title = relic_wars.110.name
    desc = relic_wars.110.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_prethoryn_blood_queen

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.110.a
    }
}

## Lost the prethoryn_queen in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.111
    title = relic_wars.111.name
    desc = relic_wars.111.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.111.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the unbidden_warlock in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.120
    title = relic_wars.120.name
    desc = relic_wars.120.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_extradimensional_warlock

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.120.a
    }
}

## Lost the unbidden_warlock in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.121
    title = relic_wars.121.name
    desc = relic_wars.121.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.121.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the contingency_core in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.130
    title = relic_wars.130.name
    desc = relic_wars.130.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_isolated_contingency_core

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.130.a
    }
}

## Lost the contingency_core in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.131
    title = relic_wars.131.name
    desc = relic_wars.131.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.131.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the zro_crystal in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.140
    title = relic_wars.140.name
    desc = relic_wars.140.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_intact_zro_soulstone

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.140.a
    }
}

## Lost the zro_crystal in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.141
    title = relic_wars.141.name
    desc = relic_wars.141.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.141.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the the_last_baol in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.150
    title = relic_wars.150.name
    desc = relic_wars.150.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_the_last_baol

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.150.a
    }
}

## Lost the the_last_baol in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.151
    title = relic_wars.151.name
    desc = relic_wars.151.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.151.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the the_defragmentor in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.160
    title = relic_wars.160.name
    desc = relic_wars.160.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.160.a
    }
}

## Lost the the_defragmentor in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.161
    title = relic_wars.161.name
    desc = relic_wars.161.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.161.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the reality_perforator in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.170
    title = relic_wars.170.name
    desc = relic_wars.170.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_vultaum_real_perforator

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.170.a
    }
}

## Lost the reality_perforator in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.171
    title = relic_wars.171.name
    desc = relic_wars.171.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.171.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the pox_sample in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.180
    title = relic_wars.180.name
    desc = relic_wars.180.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_javorian_pox_sample

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.180.a
    }
}

## Lost the pox_sample in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.181
    title = relic_wars.181.name
    desc = relic_wars.181.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.181.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the cryo_core in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.190
    title = relic_wars.190.name
    desc = relic_wars.190.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_yuht_cryo_core

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.190.a
    }
}

## Lost the cryo_core in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.191
    title = relic_wars.191.name
    desc = relic_wars.191.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.191.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}


## Took the war_forge in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.200
    title = relic_wars.200.name
    desc = relic_wars.200.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_propaganda
    sound = relic_activation_cybrex_war_forge

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.200.a
    }
}

## Lost the war_forge in war
country_event = {
    id = relic_wars.201
    title = relic_wars.201.name
    desc = relic_wars.201.desc

    picture = GFX_evt_alien_segregation
    show_sound = event_life_support_fail

    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = relic_wars.201.a
        tooltip = { add_modifier = { modifier = humiliated days = 3600 } }
    }
}



